My name's Takeo Goda.
And I'm in high school.
It's summertime! The sky
is blue. The sun is high.
And the trees and plants and
bugs are all putting on a show!
Looky here, Takeo!
It's a dandelion!
(Giggle)
She's beautiful...
(Shutter sounds)
[RINKO]
These white clovers
are beautiful.
[RINKO]
Oh, wow! You look
like a prince!
I love her.
♪Opening song♪
Listen up! No matter
what happens today,
I am not leaving your side!
Oh, no! Please! You don't
have to worry about that!
I had a simply wonderful
birthday, and I am going
to remember it forever!
This'll be good, too!
The two of us are
going on a picnic
to make up for her birthday.
Ah!
Whoa!
Your backpack
looks pretty heavy.
Give it here. I'll hold it.
Thank you, kind sir.
Good grief! What do
you have in here?
Well... Our lunches,
some fruit, a water bottle,
and some other yummy stuff.
You're telling me all
of this is our lunch?
And also some snacks,
and a couple of hand towels!
And a picnic blanket...
Oh, and a trash bag, of course!
I love how much thought
she put into this.
And I love her face.
There's a chance
I went a little overboard.
But I've been
excited about this!
You think you'll be able
to help me eat it all?
Mm-hmm!
Of course you can!
Ms. Yamato, the
birthday pin looks
fantastic on you.
[TAKEO]
So, we take a right here?
Yup!
I have to say, it is
really nice out today.
Oh? Huh?
WHAH?!
I'm so sorry, Ms. Yamato!
Are you tired?
Do we need to stop and rest?
No thanks, I'm fine.
You sure?
Oh yeah, totally!
I'm a lot stronger
than you think I am.
I'm just kinda slow.
So bear with me.
This might be more of
a hike than a picnic.
I might've screwed this up.
Huh?
(Humming)
Ooh...
Oh! I'm in my own world over
here, just singing away!
How embarrassing!
(Giggles)
Oh my God... I love you!
(Hawk screeches)
[RINKO]
Here we are!
This is amazing!
I bet our lunch is
going to taste even
better on top of a mountain!
(Laughs)
Heck yeah!
(Exhausted sigh)
(Hawk screeches)
All that walking will
sure heat you up!
That's for sure.
(SHEEN)
(SCREECH)
AHH! NO! Takeo!
That has the pin you gave me!
Come back here!
Mmmm! AH!
AHH!
OOHHH!
MS. YAMATO!
[TAKEO]
Our lunch!
And this thing!
WHAAA!
(Screaming and grunting)
HMPH! WHA!
(Both screaming)
(Branches breaking)
(SLAM)
Ugh...
Oh my God! Are you okay?
Say something!
(Weakly)
The ground broke my fall.
(Gasp)
And I think I
saved our lunch.
Well, I don't think
I can climb back up
there without a rope.
Where are we?
Oh, I'll call for help.
Hang on.
[RINKO]
Oh no. There's no
reception out here!
[TAKEO]
What?!
[BOTH]
Uhh...
[NANAKO]
So, where's Rinko today?
She was going on
a picnic with Goda.
Oh, a picnic, huh?
Sounds like something they'd do.
[KOJIMA]
Must be nice.
I haven't been on a date in like
2 months now. It's depressing.
[YUKO]
That guy Suna's totally hot.
But he's like, untouchable.
Can't even talk to him.
Mm-hmm...
Rinko's lucky to have
someone like Goda.
I mean, I wouldn't say
he's hot, but, well.. .
Let's just say he's manly.
Yeah, manly...
That's accurate.
Yeah not really cute
or sexy...
But in Rinko eyes, he's more
hot, cute, and sexy than Suna.
Uh-huh...
I'm not sure I see it.
Hey, babe, how are
you feeling today?
Just fine, hon, I'm good.
Good to hear.
[YUTAKA]
So. Where'd our boy
run off to?
[YURIKO]
Ah, I'm not sure.
Lift up your feet.
Oh, Sure.
I'm guessing he's
with Suna somewhere.
As long as he's
back before dark.
Alrighty.
(Loud crack)
Hm... I'm not seeing any signs
of people coming through here.
(Worried sigh)
Takeo, I'm really
sorry about this.
This is all my fault.
Don't worry about a thing.
Where gonna figure this out.
Ah?
[TAKEO]
You wait here. ,/
I need to get a better
view of our surroundings.
What? A better view?
HYAH!
OH!
(Grunting)
Be careful! Don't fall!
HAAH!
If I had just grabbed onto
a tree branch or something,
we wouldn't have
wound up down here.
But, I guess there's no
point in rehashing that.
The only thing I need
to do right now is get
Ms. Yamato back home.
And get her there
safe and sound.
HM!
Takeo...
Huh?
HAH!
Ah!
Everything's gonna be okay!
I'll get you home!
Yeah?
I could hear some
cars in the distance.
There's a road over
in that direction.
Wow! You are incredible!
It's pretty far away.
We might not make it
back until tomorrow.
Huh?
Then we... you mean
we're going to have to
spend the night out here?
That's right.
(Heavy heartbeat)
Mm...
(Internal screaming)
Looks like that
kinda freaks her out.
Huh?
Don't you worry
about a thing.
Leave everything to me.
Ah!
(THUMP-THUMP)
(Internal screaming)
First thing we need to do
is start heading south.
How do you know
that's south?
Just follow me.
Let's get as far as we
can while it's daylight.
Yeah!
(Loud crack)
(Heavy rustling)
You doing okay?
Huh?
If you're worried about
losing me, just hold my shirt.
Ah...
Okay...
OOHH!
DA-DA-DA-DA-DA!
(Squealing)
(Stomach grumbles)
Huh?
(Juicy grumble)
U-uh...
I have an idea! Why don't
we eat some lunch?
[TAKEO]
Whoa! I can't believe
you made all this!
[RINKO]
Eat as much
as you want.
Not a problem!
Whatever you say!
Oh yeah!
Ya like it?
I'm so glad.
I'm not so good at cooking
things that aren't dessert.
For some reason, food
always tastes just a
little better on a picnic.
[TAKEO]
Yes it does. And
with good company!
That was delicious!
What? You're done?
We should probably
save some for later.
(Gasp)
All right!
Let's get moving.
Need to make some ground
before it gets dark.
Uh. Yeah.
(Meek stumble)
Huh?
[RINKO]
Before it gets dark...
Uh-oh. She's getting scared.
What can I do to
make her feel safe?
(Loud grunting)
(Panting)
(Birds cawing)
Hmm.... It's getting pretty hard
to see where we're going here...
I think it's time that we
set up camp for the night.
AHH!
HUH?! UH!
(Grunting)
Comfy bed for milady.
[RINKO]
Sleeping outside.
Just the two of us...
Huh?
(Weak mumbling)
You'll be just fine.
I'm gonna be right
here beside you.
(Internal screaming)
Ms. Yamato.
AH!
(Heavy heartbeat)
Eep!
Mosquito.
(Faint)
(Squealing)
(Mosquitoes buzzing)
[TAKEO]
Don't even think about it,
you little flying vampires!
HURGH!
(SMACK)
(Buzzing)
'Kay, so, when was the last
time you checked your phone?
Huh? Oh, hang on.
[RINKO]
Nope. Still nothing.
Alright. I bet people
are starting to get
worried about us.
Sorry about this.
[YUKO]
And okay, the rumor is...
(Phone rings)
if you use that
as your wallpaper,
then you'll get a boyfriend!
What...?
That's ridiculous.
Don't know this number.
Um, hello?
Oh! Guys, it's Rinko's mom!
Uh, yes. Hello, ma'am.
This is she. Right...
What's that?
Rinko's not back yet?
[ALL]
Huh?!
[NANAKO]
Uh... Is she with us?
[ALL]
Uhh...
OHH!
Eeh... Yes, she is!
(Cheering)
Rinko is staying
over here with us!
Just us girls all
hanging out tonight!
What? Right now?
Well, uh...
She's taking a bath. Yeah.
So there's no need to
worry, ma'am. Yes. Yes.
Everyone's sleeping
over here!
Uh-huh! Uh-huh!
Yes. Yes, ma'am.
Good night.
(BEEP)
(SCREAMING)
Oh my God! I've gotta call her!
I've gotta tell her
she has an alibi!
[RINKO, VOICEMAIL]
Hello. This is Rinko Yamato.
[NANAKO]
Ugh! It went straight
to voicemail!
What do you think
they're doing?!
(SCREAMING)
[NANAKO]
I'll text her.
(SCREAM)
[YUKO]
Where did those two go?
Like, maybe Suna
knows what's going on.
Does anyone have his number?
No, I wish.
No...
No other choice.
(Phone rings)
Well, well, well...
Hm?
Now isn't this a
lovely surprise.
How'd you know I was just
thinking about you, girl?
Are you finally ready
to go out? I'm free
tomorrow if you want to-
[NANAKO]
No, no. Please, shut up.
Do you know where Rinko and Goda
were going after their picnic?
Huh? A picnic?
First I've heard
[NANAKO]
Ugh. Fine. Bye.
(Disconnect)
Hm.
Hey, babe, how are
you feeling today?
I'm just fine, hon.
I take it our boy
still hasn't come back?
Not yet, but don't worry.
I'm sure he'll be
back home soon.
Alrighty.
[YURIKO]
I guess he'll just have to eat
his dinner for breakfast.
I'll wrap it up.
(Yawn)
[TAKEO]
Mm... Even better
the second time.
Sure is dark out here in
the mountains at night.
Yeah, it is.
(Worried sigh)
Huh?
(Bugs chirping)
Uh, hey, Takeo...
I, um...
Would you
hold my hand?
Of course!
(Internal screaming)
She must be feeling
nervous again.
Huh?!
HM!
(Low growl)
Huh?
(Galloping)
(Snorting)
AHH! Oh, God!
what's that?!
HUURGH!
RAAGH!
(Boar squeals)
(DING)
Takeo! What was that?
Like a bear or something?!
Nah it's okay.
It was just a wild boar-
A bo-
Huh?
(Faint)
It's all right.
Just calm down.
Uh... Um... Okay.
That did NOT help
her calm down.
Don't worry, Ms. Yamato.
Even if we do see a bear,
I will protect you.
Haaahhh...
Ooh!
Huh?
[TAKEO]
The moon's starting
to peek through.
Wow. It's so bright.
Well that's good.
It won't be so dark.
Should make her
feel a little better.
Thank you, Mr. Moon.
[TAKEO]
You must be tired from
walking all day.
Let's lie down.
Huh?
(THUD)
Hmph!
(Internal screaming)
I'm lying down next to him!
Ms. Yamato?
Huh?
Take a look at that sky.
Check out how many
stars there are.
Huh?
[RINKO]
Oh... It's stunning!
[TAKEO]
We can see more out here
without all the city lights.
[RINKO]
Yeah.
This is even better
than the planetarium!
You got that right.
How great is this?
Are you okay
over there?
Huh?
I'm sure you're
a little anxious.
I'll be okay.
I know you're just looking
out for me, and it's sweet,
but I'm fine, really.
I promise, Takeo.
Promise promise?
Mm-hmm!
Alrighty then.
(Content sigh)
It's not so bad out here...
In fact, I think the two of us
could be perfectly happy
living out the rest of our lives
up here in the mountains.
(Boiling)
(Caveman gibberish)
(Playful cheers)
(Squealing)
Oh!
Um... Hey, Takeo?
(Snoring)
Oh!
Look how cute he is
when he's sleeping!
AH! AHH!
(Struggling)
(Snoring continues)
I'm really sorry about this.
You must be really
worn out because of me.
I'm not much help
out here, am I?
I... I love you... Takeo.
I love you so much.
(TOOT TOOT)
Hm?
(Sigh)
HUGH!
AHH!
(Mumbling)
(Sigh of relief)
(Giggle)
(Whispering)
Nighty night.
(Loud snoring)
(Mumbling)
Hm?
BAH! AH!
(Soft snoring)
HMM!
Look how cute she is
when she's sleeping.
Uh... Uh?
(Giggle)
Hey, Takeo. Good morning!
[TAKEO]
I. Love. Her!
(Stretch)
Huh?
Oh?! Well look at you!
I see you've made yourself
a few new friends.
Hm?
I know how you feel.
I feel a little safer
when Takeo's around too.
Is that really true?
Yeah! Right?
Good. That makes me happy.
(Trudging grunts)
[TAKEO]
Oh! There's the road!
[RINKO]
Woohoo!
(Heavy breathing)
Ms. Yamato, you
doing alright?
Yeah. I'm just fine.
Well, a little itchy.
What?! ARGH!
I have failed.
I couldn't protect her...
Holy cow, Takeo,
you're covered in bites!
Ever since I was little, I've
always been a mosquito magnet.
[RINKO]
Yeah. I guess so.
Well, I was able to attract
at least one away from you.
It may not be all
that much, but...
but I helped a little.
And that's something, right?
You're adorable!
(Bus horn honks)
Oh. You know what? We can
probably call home now.
Huh? Looks like I got
a text from Nanako.
[NANAKO]
Rinko! Your parents called. But
don't worry, I covered for you!
You have to come to my
place tomorrow, and tell us
everything from start to finish!
We're waiting!
[BOTH]
Hm?
[RINKO]
Well...
I'm gonna head on over to
Nanako's place, I guess.
M'kay. Tell 'em all
hi for me.
Sure.
What's wrong?
Since we just spent
all that time together,
it kinda feels weird
to think about us being
apart from each other.
[VILLAGERS]
♪La la la la la♪
I'm gonna miss you, Takeo.
I feel the same way...
Ms. Yamato.
(Phone rings)
Uh!
Rinko?!
[ALL] Huh?!
Hmph... What do you want?
[KURIHARA]
So, I was thinking
about your call yesterday.
You think something happened
to 'em, cause the two of us
could go looking for them.
I can't say for sure, but-
(Doorbell)
[ALL] HUH?!
[NANAKO]
She's here!
(Kurihara continues)
Rinko! Girl, we stayed up
all night waiting for you!
Huh?
So, how'd it go exactly?
Huh?!
Uh, I, um...
I sort of thought
I was going to die.
Whoa, she's so shameless!
(All screaming)
[KURIHARA]
I don't know if you felt it,
but I think there was a little
something between us.
Some chemistry, if you will.
(BEEP)
[NANAKO]
Okay. Spill it!
Um. I was so nervous,
my heart was pounding
right out of my chest.
(SCREAMS)
I mean, it was my
first time and all...
(More screaming)
[RINKO]
And we were out in the jungle...
(More screaming)
[MANA]
Did you say outside?!
But since I was with Takeo,
he made me feel so safe!
(Even more screaming)
I mean even after the wild boar,
I was still able to fall asleep!
(Screaming stops)
[NANAKO]
Do what?
Rinko, you're all
covered in mud!
Seriously, what happened
to you last night?
(Phone rings)
[RINKO]
We sort of got stranded
in the mountains.
(BEEP)
[ALL]
What?!
[TAKEO]
I'm home!
Mom, how are
you doing? Okay?
[YURIKO]
Take? Oh, I'm fine.
Where have you been?
What happened?
I was in the mountains.
What were you doing
in the mountains?
Camping. Were you worried?
Nah.
Good. Sorry I didn't tell you.
(Phone jingles)
Oh!
[RINKO]
Thank you for getting me back
home safe and sound.
You did so much for me.
You were so brave.
I'm sorry I got so flustered
and didn't help matters.
Even though I was pretty scared
and nervous,
you made everything okay.
I ended up having
a really great time!
Thanks again, Takeo!
(Steam whistling)
Ahh...
Hmph.
Suna!
Huh?
Show me how to use emojis!
Uh...
What?
I can't express my true
feelings with just words.
Okay then...
What kind of feelings?
Like... OOHHH!
And AHH!
And YEAH!
And HEY!
And WOOHOO!
Alright... I'll try.
AYAYAA! TUTUTUTU!
(Tarzan scream)
MmmBLAAH!
Takeo... I don't think
your feelings
are going to be accurately
expressed with emojis either...
(Takeo continues emoting)
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato. I love you.
(Rinko giggles)
With all my heart...
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Ocean.